given I am kslu 3 year llb law student. 

For 3rd sem subject, administrative law, I have 100 marks question paper pattern. and each question below is worth 16 marks. 

I want to maximize marks I score in exam. 

give below is syllabus ad most asked questions. 
objectives:

    Administrative law is basically concerned with triple function of administrative authorities, their constitutional limits and statutory limitations, the procedure to be followed in the exercise of their functions and the necessity to study in depth relevant remedies. Constitutional or otherwise in case of administrative arrogance and consequent abuse of power.

unit 1:
    Definition of Administrative Law – Nature and scope – The impact and implications of the Doctrine of Separation and the Rule of Law on Administrative Law, Classification of Administrative Action – the necessity

unit 2:
    Legislative Power of Administration – Doctrine of Vice of excessive Delegation - Judicial and Parliamentary control over delegative legislation – Advantages and disadvantages of delegated legislation – Exclusion of Judicial Review of Delegated Legislation, Administrative directions.

unit 3:
    Judicial power of Administration – Tests to determinse when an administrative authority required to act judicially - Doctrine of Bias – Doctrine of Audi Altrem Partem – Reasoned decision – Exceptions to Natural Justice – Effect of non-compliance with rules of Natural Justice – grounds on which decision of quasi-judicial authority can be flaged before Supreme Court

unit 4:
    Administrative Discretion - Grant and exercise of discretion - Judicial review of Administrative Discretion, Control of Administrative Action – Judicial Control – Public Law and Private Law Remedies – distinction
    Writs – Theory, Practice and Procedure – ouster clause
    Liabilities of the state in the province of Contract and Tort – Constitutional Tort Doctrine of Promissory Estoppels – Doctrine of legitimate expectation – Doctrine of proportionality

unit 5:
    Corporate and Public Undertakings – Control of statutory corporations and public undertakings - Administrative deviance – Corruption and mal administration – Control mechanism
    Ombudsman in India (Lokpal and Lokayukta) – Central Vigilance Commission – Parliamentary Committees – Commission of Enquiry

books prescribed:
    M.P.Jain & S.N.Jain, Principles of Administrative law, latest edition

reference books:
    Wade, Administrative Law, latest edition
    S.P.Sathe, Administrative Law, latest edition
    I.P.Massey, Administrative Law, latest edition


questions:

    Unit 1 - Definition and Nature of Administrative Law

        Define Administrative Law and explain its nature and scope. Discuss the impact and implications of the Doctrine of Separation of Powers and Rule of Law on Administrative Law.

        Examine the classification of Administrative Action and explain the necessity of such classification in the context of modern administrative state.

        Critically analyse the relationship between Administrative Law and Constitutional Law. Discuss how the principles of separation of powers influence the functioning of administrative authorities.

    Unit 2 - Legislative Power of Administration

        Explain the Legislative Power of Administration and discuss the Doctrine of Excessive Delegation. Examine the judicial and parliamentary control over delegative legislation.

        Critically evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of delegated legislation. Discuss the circumstances under which judicial review of delegated legislation is excluded.

        Examine the concept of administrative directions and their legal validity. Discuss the extent to which delegated legislation can be challenged before courts with relevant case laws.

    Unit 3 - Judicial Power of Administration

        Discuss the tests to determine when an administrative authority is required to act judicially. Explain the Doctrine of Bias and Doctrine of Audi Altrem Partem with leading case laws.

        Examine the concept of reasoned decision and the exceptions to principles of Natural Justice. Discuss the effect of non-compliance with rules of Natural Justice.

        Critically analyse the grounds on which decision of quasi-judicial authority can be challenged before the Supreme Court. Discuss the evolution of principles of natural justice with relevant judicial pronouncements.

    Unit 4 - Administrative Discretion and Judicial Control

        Explain the concept of Administrative Discretion. Discuss the grant and exercise of discretion and examine the scope of judicial review of Administrative Discretion.

        Critically examine the theory, practice and procedure relating to Writs under Article 32 and 226 of the Constitution. Discuss the concept of ouster clause and its effectiveness.

        Discuss the liabilities of the state in the province of Contract and Tort. Examine the Constitutional Tort Doctrine, Doctrine of Promissory Estoppels, Doctrine of legitimate expectation and Doctrine of proportionality with relevant case laws.

    Unit 5 - Control of Administrative Action

        Examine the control mechanisms over Corporate and Public Undertakings. Discuss the regulatory framework for statutory corporations and public undertakings in India.

        Critically analyse the provisions relating to Ombudsman in India including Lokpal and Lokayukta. Discuss their role in preventing administrative deviance, corruption and maladministration.

        Discuss the role of Central Vigilance Commission, Parliamentary Committees and Commission of Enquiry in ensuring administrative accountability and transparency in governance.


Now, referring only prescribed books and not reference books, provide me with detailed answer in below format for each of the questions: 
1. synopsis (2 sentences)
2. introduction (3 sentences/points)
3. laws/statutes (3-4) 
4. answer body (atleat 10 - 12 sentences/points). 
5. case laws ( 5 with year and reference numbers) 
6. conclusion (3 sentences/points

use keywords and details and laws provided in the prescribed text book only. make the sentenses heavily loaded, accurate and high scoring so as to maximize marks. 