given I am kslu 3 year llb law student. 

For 3rd sem subject, criminal law 2 bnss, I have 100 marks question paper pattern. and each question below is worth 16 marks. 

I want to maximize marks I score in exam. 

give below is syllabus ad most asked questions. 
objectives:

    Transition from Code of Criminal Procedure to Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita, 2023 (BNSS 2023) is the result of shifted attention from penalty to nyaya. The primary objective of this course is to familiarize the students with the basic procedure relating to investigation and trial of offences along with the procedure of rendering judgments. The students are also expected to appreciate role of technology in different criminal provisions and the importance of time bound remedies.

unit 1:
    Introduction
    Meaning and importance of criminal procedure; Background and salient features of Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita including its Constitutional dimensions;Definitions and classification of offences- Bail, Bail bond, Bond, Audio-Video Electronic Means, Victim, Investigation; Replaced provisions relating to Organisation, Functions, Duties and Powers of Courts, prosecution and Police under BNSS.
    Initiation of criminal case- First Information Report, Zero FIR, Investigation powers, Preliminary Inquiry, Complaint; Arrest-Concept, procedure and safeguards, Proclamation, Information regarding arrested persons, Handcuffing.

unit 2:
    Pre-Trial Process and Commencement of Proceedings
    Magisterial power to take cognizance and timelines to complete the proceedings;
    Dismissal of complaints;
    Commencement of proceedings;
    Framing of Charge and joinder of charges;
    Process to compel appearance and production of things- Use of electronic means, securing presence of successor;
    Preliminary pleas under the Sanhita- Plea of guilt, limitation for taking cognizance of offences;
    Provisions as to Bail and Bonds.

unit 3:
    Trial Process
    Trial before Court of Sessions;
    Trial of Warrant and Summons cases by Magistrates;
    Summary Trials – Significance;
    Evidence and General Provisions as to inquiries and trials;
    Compounding of offences and Plea bargaining;
    Concurrent and consecutive running of Sentences;
    Appeals, Revision and Reference;
    Security for keeping peace and good behavior;
    Maintenance – Alteration and Enforcement.

unit 4:
    Miscellaneous Procedure
    Judgment;
    Transfer of cases;
    Execution, suspension, remission and commutation of Sentences and Mercy petitions;
    Disposal of property- photography, videography and time bound release;
    Preventive action of PSlice;
    Irregular proceedings;
    Protection of Victims- Compensation and Treatment.

unit 5:
    Juvenile Justice and Probation of Offenders
    The Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2015-Salient features, the Juvenile Justice Board –Composition, Powers and Functions; Procedure relating to Children in conflict with Law, Children in need of Care and Protection and their rehabilitation, Child Welfare Committee.
    The Probation of Offenders Act, 1958-Salient features, Power of Court to release certain offenders on probation/ good conduct; Power of Courts to require released offenders to pay compensation and cost; Appeal and Revision.

books prescribed:
    Ratanlal and Dhirajlal's, Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita, Lexis Nexis,(the latest edition comprising the BNSS, 2023)
    K.N. Chandrashekaran Pillai (Revd.), R V Kelkar's Criminal Procedure (Recent Edition), Eastern Book Publication.

reference books:
    Bare Act –Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita, 2023.
    K.N. Chandrashekaran Pillai (Revd.), R V Kelkar's Lectures on Criminal Procedure (Recent Edition), Eastern Book Publication.
    Bare Acts -The Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection) Act, 2015 &The Probation of Offenders Act, 1958.
    M.P. Tandon, Criminal Procedure Code, Central Law Agency (latest edition)
    S C Sarkar, PC Sarkar and Sudipto Sarkar, Sarkar: The Code of Criminal Procedure (Recent Edition), LexisNexis.
    Ratanlal and Dhirajlal's, The Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973, Lexis Nexis,(Recent Edition).
    J.K.Verma, Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita, 2023 (Criminal Procedure): A Commentary, Eastern Book Publication.


questions:

    Unit 1 - Introduction to Criminal Procedure and BNSS

        Explain the meaning and importance of criminal procedure. Discuss the background and salient features of the Bharatiya Nagarik Suraksha Sanhita, 2023 (BNSS) including its Constitutional dimensions.

        Define and distinguish between Bail, Bail bond, and Bond under BNSS. Discuss the replaced provisions relating to Organisation, Functions, Duties and Powers of Courts, prosecution and Police under BNSS.

        Examine the provisions relating to initiation of criminal cases under BNSS. Discuss First Information Report (FIR), Zero FIR, Investigation powers, Preliminary Inquiry, and Complaint with relevant case laws.

    Unit 2 - Pre-Trial Process and Commencement of Proceedings

        Discuss the magisterial power to take cognizance and timelines to complete the proceedings under BNSS. Explain the provisions relating to dismissal of complaints and commencement of proceedings.

        Examine the provisions relating to Framing of Charge and joinder of charges under BNSS. Discuss the process to compel appearance and production of things including use of electronic means.

        Critically analyse the preliminary pleas under the Sanhita including Plea of guilt and limitation for taking cognizance of offences. Discuss the provisions relating to Bail and Bonds with leading case laws.

    Unit 3 - Trial Process

        Distinguish between trial before Court of Sessions and trial of Warrant and Summons cases by Magistrates. Explain the significance of Summary Trials under BNSS.

        Examine the provisions relating to compounding of offences and Plea bargaining under BNSS. Discuss concurrent and consecutive running of Sentences with relevant judicial interpretations.

        Discuss the provisions relating to Appeals, Revision and Reference under BNSS. Explain the provisions relating to security for keeping peace and good behavior, and maintenance proceedings.

    Unit 4 - Miscellaneous Procedure

        Explain the provisions relating to judgment and transfer of cases under BNSS. Discuss the execution, suspension, remission and commutation of Sentences and Mercy petitions.

        Examine the provisions relating to disposal of property including photography, videography and time bound release under BNSS. Discuss preventive action of Police and irregular proceedings.

        Critically analyse the provisions relating to Protection of Victims under BNSS. Discuss Compensation and Treatment provisions with relevant case laws.

    Unit 5 - Juvenile Justice and Probation of Offenders

        Examine the salient features of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2015. Discuss the composition, powers and functions of Juvenile Justice Board with leading case laws.

        Discuss the procedure relating to Children in conflict with Law and Children in need of Care and Protection under the Juvenile Justice Act, 2015. Explain the role of Child Welfare Committee in rehabilitation of children.

        Critically analyse the Probation of Offenders Act, 1958. Discuss the power of Court to release certain offenders on probation/good conduct and to require released offenders to pay compensation and cost with relevant judicial pronouncements.


Now, referring only prescribed books and not reference books, provide me with detailed answer in below format for each of the questions: 
1. synopsis (2 sentences)
2. introduction (3 sentences/points)
3. laws/statutes (3-4) 
4. answer body (atleat 10 - 12 sentences/points). 
5. case laws ( 5 with year and reference numbers) 
6. conclusion (3 sentences/points

use keywords and details and laws provided in the prescribed text book only. make the sentenses heavily loaded, accurate and high scoring so as to maximize marks. 