given I am kslu 3 year llb law student. 

For 3rd sem subject, labour law 2, I have 100 marks question paper pattern. and each question below is worth 16 marks. 

I want to maximize marks I score in exam. 

give below is syllabus ad most asked questions. 
objectives:

    In this course, students are to be acquainted with legal frame-work relating to social security and welfare. It is necessary to know the concept of social security, its importance and also Constitutional basis for the same. The importance of ensuring health, safety and welfare of the workmen and social assistance and social insurance schemes under various legislations are to be emphasised. The objective is also to understand the provisions of the Factories Act, 1948, the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986, the Contract Labour (Regulation &Abolition) Act 1970, the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, the payment of Bonus Act, 1965, the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, the Employees' State Insurance Act, 1948, the Employees' Provident Fund (Family Pension Fund and Deposit Linked Insurance Fund) Act, 1952, the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, the Unorganised Sector Workers' Social Security Act, 2008. These legislations are to be studied with a view to acquaint the students regarding various rights and benefits available to the workmen thereunder. These legislations are to be analysed by examining historical background, objectives underlying these legislations, judicial interpretations and effectiveness of these legislations in the changing times.

unit 1:
    Constitutional Dimensions of Industrial Relations and Labour
    Constitution and Labour welfare
    The Bonded Labour System Abolition Act, 1976
    The Equal Remuneration Act, 1976
    The Inter-State Migration of Workers Act, 1979
    The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013

unit 2:
    Wages, Bonus and Gratuity
    Concept of Wages - Theories of wages and Kinds of wages
    The Minimum Wages Act, 1948 - Definitions - appropriate government, employer, employee, Scheduled employment, etc. - Fixation of Minimum rates of wages - Methods - Regulation of working conditions - Payment of Wages, Working Hours, etc.
    Bonus - Context - a claim for share in profits even after payment of wages according contract of employment? Is it a breach of contract or an implied term of the contract? - concepts of bonus and right to share in profits
    The payment of Bonus Act, 1965 - definitions - provisions relating to payment of bonus - judicial interpretations and constitutionality of the provision relating to Govt's power to exempt
    Gratuity - Context - reward for long drawn loyal service - employers' liability or good gesture? Historical developments
    The payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 - definitions - judicial interpretation and parliamentary amendment of the definition of employee - payment of gratuity - determination of the amount of gratuity - authorities

unit 3:
    Protection of Child Labour and contract labour
    Child labour - practice and reasons for child labour - competing views on necessity and feasibility of abolition of child labour - Human rights perspective - Constitutional and legal provisions for the protection of child
    The Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986 - definitions - provisions relating to prohibition of child labour in certain establishments and processes - regulation of conditions of work - penalties - judicial interpretations. Amendments made through The Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Amendment Act, 2016 and Criticisms
    Abolition and regularisation of contract labour, regulation of contract labour under the Contract Labour (Regulation &Abolition) Act 1970 - judicial decisions relating absorption of sham practice of contract labour - evaluation of the working of the Act in the present days

unit 4:
    Social Security
    The Employees' Provident Fund (Family Pension Fund and Deposit Linked Insurance Fund) Act, 1952 - Definitions- contribution, employee, employer, factory, fund, etc. - Provident Fund Scheme, Family Pension Scheme, Employees' Deposit Linked Insurance Scheme - Scope, Contributions - Benefits - Authorities under the Act - Powers. Latest judicial pronouncements
    The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961- Object and Scope of the Act, Definitions - appropriate government, employer, establishment, factory, maternity benefit, wages, etc. - Benefits under the Act - Inspectors

unit 5:
    Protection of unorganised labour
    Features and scheme of protection of workers in unorganised sector under the Unorganised Workers' Social Security Act, 2008
    Necessity of protection of unorganised labour in shops and establishments by regulating their working conditions
    The Karnataka Shops and Commercial Establishments Act, 1961 - application of the Act, Hours of work, annual leave with wages - wages and compensation - employment of children and women - authorities and penalties
    Globalisation, Privatisation and Open Economy- Effects of Globalisation on Industry and Labour - Constitutional Mandate of Welfare State and effectiveness of Social Security and Social welfare legislations in India under new economic policy - Review of laws to meet new challenges - Legislative and Judicial response/trend towards application of Labour laws- Emergence of laws relating SEZs, etc.

books prescribed:
    K.M. Pillai - Labour and Industrial Laws
    S.N.Mishra - Labour and Industrial Laws
    S.C.Srivastava, Treatise on Social Security
    Sairam Bhat, Privatisation and Globalisation: The Challenging Legal Paradigm
    Jwitesh Kumar Singh, Labour Economics: Principles, Problems and Practices
    Joanne Conagham, Labour Law in an Era of globalisation, Transformative Practices and possibilities
    C. S. Venkata Ratnam, Globalisation and Labour-Management Relations, Dynamics of Change

questions:

    Unit 1 - Constitutional Dimensions of Industrial Relations and Labour

        Discuss the constitutional provisions relating to labour welfare and protection. Explain how the Constitution of India provides for protection of labour rights.

        Examine the Bonded Labour System Abolition Act, 1976. Discuss the provisions relating to abolition of bonded labour and rehabilitation of bonded labourers with relevant case laws.

        Critically analyse the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. Discuss the role of Internal Complaints Committee in preventing sexual harassment at workplace.

    Unit 2 - Wages, Bonus and Gratuity

        Define wages and explain different theories and kinds of wages. Discuss the provisions of the Minimum Wages Act, 1948 relating to fixation of minimum rates of wages and regulation of working conditions.

        Examine the concept of bonus as a claim for share in profits. Critically analyse the provisions of the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 relating to payment of bonus with relevant judicial interpretations.

        Discuss the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Explain the provisions relating to payment of gratuity, determination of amount of gratuity and authorities under the Act with leading case laws.

    Unit 3 - Protection of Child Labour and contract labour

        Examine the provisions of the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986 relating to prohibition and regulation of child labour. Discuss the amendments made through the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Amendment Act, 2016.

        Critically analyse the Contract Labour (Regulation & Abolition) Act, 1970. Discuss judicial decisions relating to absorption of contract labour and evaluate the working of the Act in present times.

        Discuss the reasons for child labour and competing views on necessity and feasibility of abolition of child labour. Examine constitutional and legal provisions for protection of children from a human rights perspective.

    Unit 4 - Social Security

        Examine the provisions of the Employees' Provident Fund Act, 1952. Discuss the Provident Fund Scheme, Family Pension Scheme, and Employees' Deposit Linked Insurance Scheme with their salient features.

        Discuss the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961. Explain the object, scope and various benefits available to women employees under the Act with relevant case laws.

        Critically analyse the concept of social security in the context of Constitutional mandate. Discuss the importance of ensuring health, safety and welfare of workmen through social insurance schemes.

    Unit 5 - Protection of unorganised labour

        Examine the features and scheme of protection of workers in unorganised sector under the Unorganised Workers' Social Security Act, 2008. Discuss the necessity of protection of unorganised labour.

        Discuss the provisions of the Karnataka Shops and Commercial Establishments Act, 1961 relating to regulation of working conditions, hours of work, annual leave with wages and employment of children and women.

        Critically examine the effects of Globalisation, Privatisation and Open Economy on Industry and Labour. Discuss the Constitutional Mandate of Welfare State and effectiveness of Social Security and Social welfare legislations in India under new economic policy with legislative and judicial response.


Now, referring only prescribed books and not reference books, provide me with detailed answer in below format for each of the questions: 
1. synopsis (2 sentences)
2. introduction (3 sentences/points)
3. laws/statutes (3-4) 
4. answer body (atleat 10 - 12 sentences/points). 
5. case laws ( 5 with year and reference numbers) 
6. conclusion (3 sentences/points

use keywords and details and laws provided in the prescribed text book only. make the sentenses heavily loaded, accurate and high scoring so as to maximize marks. 